Key,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
foodRawBearMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Raw Bear Meat",,,,,
foodRawBoarMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Raw Boar Meat",,,,,
foodRawChickenMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Raw Chicken Meat",,,,,
foodRawRabbitMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Raw Rabbit Meat",,,,,
foodRawSnakeMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Raw Snake Meat",,,,,
foodRawVenisonMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Raw Venison Meat",,,,,
foodRawWolfMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Raw Wolf Meat",,,,,
foodCharredBearMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Charred Bear Meat",,,,,
foodCharredBoarMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Charred Boar Meat",,,,,
foodCharredChickenMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Charred Chicken Meat",,,,,
foodCharredRabbitMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Charred Rabbit Meat",,,,,
foodCharredSnakeMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Charred Snake Meat",,,,,
foodCharredVenisonMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Charred Venison Meat",,,,,
foodCharredWolfMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Charred Wolf Meat",,,,,
foodBoiledBearMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Boiled Bear Meat",,,,,
foodBoiledBoarMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Boiled Boar Meat",,,,,
foodBoiledChickenMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Boiled Chicken Meat",,,,,
foodBoiledRabbitMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Boiled Rabbit Meat",,,,,
foodBoiledSnakeMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Boiled Snake Meat",,,,,
foodBoiledVenisonMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Boiled Venison Meat",,,,,
foodBoiledWolfMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Boiled Wolf Meat",,,,,
foodGrilledBearMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Grilled Bear Meat",,,,,
foodGrilledBoarMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Grilled Boar Meat",,,,,
foodGrilledChickenMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Grilled Chicken Meat",,,,,
foodGrilledRabbitMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Grilled Rabbit Meat",,,,,
foodGrilledSnakeMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Grilled Snake Meat",,,,,
foodGrilledVenisonMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Grilled Venison Meat",,,,,
foodGrilledWolfMeatFM,items,Food,KgNone,"Grilled Wolf Meat",,,,,